Example_WebGL_Template_Slidify.md, before:

---
title       : Embed into Slidify
subtitle    : 
author      : John Muschelli
job         : Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
framework   : io2012        # {io2012, html5slides, shower, dzslides, ...}
highlighter : highlight.js  # {highlight.js, prettify, highlight}
hitheme     : hemisu-dark      # 
widgets     : []            # {mathjax, quiz, bootstrap}
mode        : selfcontained # {standalone, draft}
---


## R programs used for this presentation

* `knitr` - parse markdown
* `slidify` - make slides
* `RStudio` - use for knitting
* `rgl` and `misc3d` - 3D rendering
* `oro.nifti` for reading in data

---


## Example of 3D in `R` 

<object data="knitted_webGL.html" width="800" height="600"> <embed src="knitted_webGL.html" width="800" height="600"> </embed> Error: Embedded data could not be displayed. </object>

---


## How do I do this in `R`? - Example


```r
### read in brain image
tmp <- readNIfTI(file.path(datadir, "MNI152_T1_2mm_brain.nii"), reorient = FALSE)

### make the surface object - RGL renders
contour3d(template, x = 1:dim(temp)[1], y = 1:dim(temp)[2], z = 1:dim(temp)[3], 
    level = 3500, alpha = 0.15)

### export this to a webpage
writeWebGL_split(dir = file.path(outdir, "webGL"), width = 700, height = 500, 
    template = file.path(outdir, "my_template.html"))
```

Commit message:

Added Slidify Example - and readme

Example_WebGL_Template_Slidify.md, after:

---
title       : Embed into Slidify
subtitle    : 
author      : John Muschelli
job         : Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health
framework   : io2012        # {io2012, html5slides, shower, dzslides, ...}
highlighter : highlight.js  # {highlight.js, prettify, highlight}
hitheme     : hemisu-dark      # 
widgets     : []            # {mathjax, quiz, bootstrap}
mode        : selfcontained # {standalone, draft}
---


## R programs used for this presentation

* `knitr` - parse markdown
* `slidify` - make slides
* `RStudio` - use for knitting
* `rgl` and `misc3d` - 3D rendering
* `oro.nifti` for reading in data

---

## Example of 3D in `R` 

<object data="knitted_webGL.html" width="800" height="600"> <embed src="knitted_webGL.html" width="800" height="600"> </embed> Error: Embedded data could not be displayed. </object>

---


## How do I do this in `R`? - Example


```r
### code to generate figure is in Example_WebGL_Template - didn't want to
### repeat

### read in brain image
tmp <- readNIfTI(file.path(datadir, "MNI152_T1_2mm_brain.nii"), reorient = FALSE)

### make the surface object - RGL renders
contour3d(template, x = 1:dim(temp)[1], y = 1:dim(temp)[2], z = 1:dim(temp)[3], 
    level = 3500, alpha = 0.15)

### export this to a webpage
writeWebGL_split(dir = file.path(outdir, "webGL"), width = 700, height = 500, 
    template = file.path(outdir, "my_template.html"))

```
